{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Do and Jordan\'92s comments\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The combined alternative is just the standard rail alternative plus BART Run 2. No changes to BART.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Does the model already build in all the future connections to the Transbay Transit Center? I'm hoping these are already in there and we don't have to list all muni, AC Transit, Caltrain, HSR, and BART connections.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Service for standard rail is a little tricky because there isn't any existing service. For simplicity's sake Jordan and I are recommending that you simply take whatever the model has for Caltrain service and extending it through the Transbay Transit Center up to 14th Street Oakland. In addition, I think you can run some Capitol Corridor service from Emeryville, through 14th Street Oakland, to the Transbay Center. Cap Corridor doesn't have super frequent service, but it's worth running so we have the Sacramento to SF (and everything in between) connection. I could also see the benefit of running a hybrid service from Richmond to Silicon Valley, but I don't want to make things more complicated than they need to be. We can talk more about how to model this service if you run into issues translating this into the model.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Notes:\
1. transbay terminal node: CALTRAIN: 32054 (OLD: 13654); AMTRAK/HSR: 14264\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}