{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Do and Jordan\'92s comments\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The combined alternative is just the standard rail alternative plus BART Run 2. No changes to BART.\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Does the model already build in all the future connections to the Transbay Transit Center? I'm hoping these are already in there and we don't have to list all muni, AC Transit, Caltrain, HSR, and BART connections.\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Service for standard rail is a little tricky because there isn't any existing service. For simplicity's sake Jordan and I are recommending that you simply take whatever the model has for Caltrain service and extending it through the Transbay Transit Center up to 14th Street Oakland. In addition, I think you can run some Capitol Corridor service from Emeryville, through 14th Street Oakland, to the Transbay Center. Cap Corridor doesn't have super frequent service, but it's worth running so we have the Sacramento to SF (and everything in between) connection. I could also see the benefit of running a hybrid service from Richmond to Silicon Valley, but I don't want to make things more complicated than they need to be. We can talk more about how to model this service if you run into issues translating this into the model.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Dov:\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Capitol Corridor currently runs about 15 round trip trains between Sacramento and Oakland. I think at least some of these trains have to go to Transbay Terminal while others continue as they currently do along East Bay to San Jose. Perhaps 6 trains per day from Sacramento to SF? If we are concerned about reducing service along Eastbay from Emeryville to San Jose, we could run some trains only between Emeryville and San Jose to make up the difference.\
\
For Caltrain, I think we should run all of the limited service trains all the way to Richmond stopping at Transbay Center, 14th St. Oakland, Emeryville, West Berkeley, and Richmond. This should be about 10 trains per day currently? The big concern with this frequency is the stretch of UP tracks from Emeryville to Richmond, which still would be competing with freight. Something would need to change here to accommodate this, but it's been a goal of cap corridor for a while and this is the type of service that could reap the land use benefits around the Emeryville/West Berkeley/Richmond Stations.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Notes:\
1. transbay terminal node: CALTRAIN: 32054 (OLD: 13654); AMTRAK/HSR: 14264\
    update 11.13 using 14264 for Amtrak.tpl and 13654 for Caltrain.tpl\
2. AMTRAK service\
    update 11.13, simply adding service from tt (the same frequency as existing one - San Jose - Fairfield/Vacaville)\
3. caltrain service, extend all limited service going up to Richmond (and southbound)\
    Update, used the same node number for different modes? \
\
\
Combination:\
1. services should be copied from BART alt3_01\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}